---
title: 'Home'
---
# DHKO
**Norwegian network for digital humanities and cultural organization**

DHKO is a loosely organized group of academics who have an interest in and/or are located in digital humanities, both in a broad and narrow sense. This includes:
- Humanistic perspectives on the digital, digital technology, and digital material.
- Use of software and digital methods for analysis and interpretation in humanistically oriented research.
Since humanistic material often has a connection to archives, libraries, and museums, this network aims to situate itself in the LAM-field and link research to, and with, cultural and information institutions. The network is therefore open to academics in a broad sense, and no affiliation with a particular institution is required.

By the term cultural organization, we mean what includes the organization, storage, and accessibility of cultural artifacts and culture as data. In other words; infrastructural conditions.

The network's purpose is to create room for the exchange of professional experiences, as well as contribute to a strengthening of digital humanities in Norway - and especially towards the LAM-field. The purposes will be promoted by holding conferences, seminars, and webinars. And to work in collaboration with research support at the institutional libraries in Norway.

In the long term, the network will work to achieve a fixed annual conference, PhD courses, summer school courses for master's students, and thematic publications in various journals. The network also hopes to be able to be a catalyst for the development of research projects across institutions, both Norwegian and international collaborations. We therefore aim that the network will lead to new and fruitful research collaborations, as well as contribute with research from, to, and for the LAM-sector.

To ensure development, we will collaborate with similar networks in other countries in Europe, with a particular focus on the Nordic countries. Here, [DHNB](https://dhnb.eu/) is an organization we see as important to cover the Nordic and Baltic parts.